bpo-39073: validate Address parts to disallow CRLF (#19007)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Security/2020-03-15-01-28-36.bpo-39073.6Szd3i.rst

> Validate email.headerregistry.Address to disallow CRLF in address parts (username, domain, display_name).

Reviewer: I thought I'd already made this comment but I can't find it:

"DIsallow CR or LF in email.headerregistry.Address arguments to guard against header injection attacks."

> Validate email.headerregistry.Address to disallow CRLF in address parts (username, domain, display_name).

Author: ```suggestion
Disallow CR or LF in email.headerregistry.Address arguments to guard against header injection attacks.
```
